From: "Platt, Heather" <hplatt@bsu.edu>
Subject: NCMR special issue on the digital humanities
Date: February 20, 2018 at 8:52:22 AM CST
To: Elizabeth S Monzingo <emonzi1@lsu.edu>

Dear Elizabeth,
I'm delighted to be able to inform you that the editorial board of Nineteenth Century Music Review has approved your proposal for the special issue on the digital humanities.  I am contacting all of the contributors to request that they submit their completed article to me by 5/31/2018.  Please find attached, the journal's style guide: I would be most grateful if you would follow all the instructions regarding formatting, citations and British spelling, etc.  The journal requires articles of between 8000 and 12000 words.  We cannot accept longer articles, but shorter articles are possible.  If you believe your article will be under 8000 words, please contact me as soon as possible.  The journal can publish a variety of illustrations and figures, including screen shots.
 
Once all of the articles are completed, they will be submitted as a package to the journal's editorial board.  Each article will be peer reviewed, and judged on its own merits.  Please understand that acceptance of your proposal is not a guarantee of acceptance of the final article;  the peer reviewers might call for extensive revisions or even reject a submission.  Although I am a member of the editorial board, I will not be involved in this review process.
 
The editorial board's comments on the proposals were mainly very positive.  In relation to your proposal, however, there was some concern that your methodology was not explained in a completely convincing manner.  Specifically, the connection between pronouns and grief was not clear, and that the identity and qualifications of the "language-knowledgeable volunteers" needed to be  clearly discussed.  Could you please ensure that these issues are taken care of in your completed article.
 
Please confirm receipt of this email by 2/28/2018, and that you intend submitting your completed article.  If the May deadline is not manageable,  let me know an alternative date when you can be guaranteed to have finished your work.
 
I look forward to working with you,
Heather Platt
 Digital Reviews Editor, Nineteenth Century Music Review.


From: Elizabeth S Monzingo <emonzi1@lsu.edu>
Sent: Monday, January 1, 2018 5:45 PM
To: Platt, Heather
Cc: Daniel T Shanahan
Subject: Proposal for Article in Special Issue
 
Hello,

Please find attached our article titled "The Expression of Self and Grief in the Nineteenth Century: An Analysis through Distant Readings” for consideration for publication in the special issue, "The Digital Humanities and the Study of Nineteenth-Century Music.” 

Thank you for your attention.

Sincerely,

Elizabeth Monzingo
Louisiana State University
402-250-3266
emonzi1@lsu.edu



